The library API is documented in 'limmat.h'.  The options for the standalone
program 'limmat' are printed with 'limmat -h' after compilation.  Usually
you would run Limmat on a given Dimacs file 'formula.cnf' with the command
'limmat formula.cnf'.  The result will be a satisfying assignment, that is a
sequence of integers, or just 'UNSATISFIABLE' printed on stdout.   If you
include the verbose option '-v' more information on the progress of Limmat
and additional statistics are printed on stderr.  In case you have specified
to use the SAT 2002 competition format during configuration, the output
adheres to this standard, verbose mode is switched on by default and
everything is printed on stdout.

For benchmarking purposes you can also specify multiple files on the command
line.  Then each file is read in turn and only the result is printed,
satisfiable / unsatisfiable or any abort message.  The time and memory
consumption is printed as well.

In addition to the command line options there are four environment
variables used by Limmat: STATISTICS, RESCORE, RESCOREFACTOR, and RESTART.
The first can be used to switch off extended statistics gathering and
printing with 'STATISTICS=0'.  The latter three allow to specify the length of
the rescore phase, the rescoring factor during rescore and the length of the
restart phase.  You can disable rescoring or restarting by setting these
variables to 0.  Their defaults are defined in the macro section of
'limmat.c'.  The actual values used can be printed with 'strategy_Limmat'
from the library API or using the '-v' option from the stand alone
application 'limmat'.

Armin Biere, Zurich, November 25, 2002.
